#Apiary list

This project has to be easy to run, so it has only few things to do;

##First you have to copy db to your environment.

I left two files in main folder of repository. 
One with just a structure od DB is called: "**empty-db-just-structure.sql**".
Second one has also dummy content,and is called: "**db-with-data.sql**".
It's your choice to pick one that you prefer.

##After copying and starting db, it's only few steps to start the App:
- Clone this repository;
- Install needed dependencies "**npm i**";
- Create "**config.ts**" file, and fill it with information of your DB and server. You can copy or rename "**config.example.ts**"; 
- Start the application "**npm run start:dev**" or "**npm run start**".

###But why bother. 

You can also check how does it work on my "Replit". 
The code is slightly diferent, and I will not refactor it anymore. 
So if you want to see clean, fresh code, github is your place, but if you want to check how the app looks like first? 

Replit's the place to visit:[Here's link](https://apiarry-api.iwomipl.repl.co/)

You might have to wait for a while, for it to start, but most functionalities should work nice.
Also there's "Admin/Information" button on menu, where you can see detailed explanation for the app's functionalities.

###Names of variables


We have the following names of variables in Apiary object:
- id: this is fully generated by app number of Apiary. It's date, dailyNumber and controlSum concatenated together. 
- name:  name of apiary given by user
- dailyNumber: this is the first consecutive five digits number sugested by app, or number chosen by user. Everyday this number is starting from 00001.
- startTime: date, that user added apiary;
- controlSum: 3-digit number created using algorithm from dailyNumber and startTime 

#Hive Fun and Bee Happy!
